# Business_support_bot
A chatbot for doing business is also one of my most interesting projects. It is a telegram bot that can help you move your business to the telegram platform. Surely you know the site designers, which for the most part are not very convenient and quite expensive. The advantages of telegram are that the bots that are written for it do not require strong costs. You can run one file with a bot that will process all requests and at the same time you do not need to search for hosting and connect a bunch of dependencies (you can even run from your phone).  When I saw that large companies began to actively create their own chatbots in different messengers, I thought it was quite promising. I don't really want to hire programmers either, because people want everything to be ready as soon as possible. This is exactly what my bot was created for. When an entrepreneur has the idea that he needs to transfer his business to telegram, he should write to the main bot and send him a token. After that, he pays the so-called rent in the amount of 200 rubles. Further, the same fee is charged from him every month for maintaining operability. After payment, the person receives his bot, which is a constructor. That is, each entrepreneur is given the same set of tools. Then everyone adapts it as they want. One of the main advantages is that you can make multi-level menus, which is quite convenient for the end user. After the finished user makes an order, this order is immediately sent to the administrator and added to the Bitrix-24 CRM. As practice has shown, the bot's functionality is quite enough to cover the needs of entrepreneurs. With this project, I won all stages of the “Big Challenges” competition.
To demonstrate the efficiency, I made a video in which I show how this process looks from the entrepreneur's side. You can find out more about this at the link https://disk .yandex.ru/d/qK60R-s6aJ9jvw
